copyCopychevron-down

1.  [Technical Specifications](/docs/technical-specifications)chevron-right
2.  [(Legacy) Pre-FAPI 2.0 API Specifications](/docs/technical-specifications/singpass-authentication-api)

# 1\. Authorization Endpoint

triangle-exclamation

All Login and Myinfo apps must follow Singpass' [FAPI 2.0-compliant authentication API](/docs/technical-specifications/integration-guide) by 31 Dec 2026.

The specifications on this page apply to you only if you are maintaining an existing Login / Myinfo (v5) integration. We encourage you to [migrate](/docs/technical-specifications/migration-guides/login-myinfo-v5-apps) early to avoid service disruptions.

> NOTE: This section is only applicable for the Redirect Authentication Flow.

Upon user action (e.g. user clicks on a login button on the RP’s website), the RP should redirect the User Agent (browser) to Singpass's authorization endpoint with the request parameters documented below. See [OpenID connect specsarrow-up-right](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#AuthorizationEndpoint) for more details.

## 

[hashtag](#sample-request)

Sample Request

> NOTE: The actual GET request is made by the browser - RPs only need to construct the URL and redirect the browser to it.

Copy

```
$ http GET 'https://stg-id.singpass.gov.sg/auth?scope=openid&response_type=code&redirect_uri=https%3A%2F%2Fpartner.gov.sg%2Fredirect&nonce=bb5e1672-a460-4a9b-874e-c38d55ac3922&client_id=T5sM5a53Yaw3URyDEv2y9129CbElCN2F&state=dGVzdCBzdHJpbmcK&code_challenge=aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa&code_challenge_method=S256'
```

## 

[hashtag](#sample-response)

Sample Response

This will be a 302 response that redirects the browser to the Singpass login page.

## 

[hashtag](#request-parameters)

Request Parameters

Parameter

Description

`scope`

**Mandatory**. A string value where `openid` is the minimum scope value. **For** `**/userinfo**` **flows:** Multiple scope values MAY be used by creating a space-delimited, case-sensitive list of ASCII scope values. For example, `openid name uinfin`. See [OIDC Scope Values specificationsarrow-up-right](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#ScopeClaims) for more details. The full list of supported scopes for Singpass can be found [here](/docs/data-catalog-myinfo/catalog).

`response_type`

The authorization processing flow to be used. Supported value is `code` for the Authorization Code Flow.

`client_id`

The `clientId` provided by Singpass during onboarding.

It is the App ID found at the top of your app configuration page.

`redirect_uri`

The URL that Singpass will eventually redirect the user to after the user completes the login process using the Singpass App. The value will be validated against the list of redirect URIs that were pre-registered with Singpass during onboarding.

`nonce`

A session-based, unique, and non-guessable value that the RP should generate per auth session. This parameter should ideally be generated and set by the RP’s backend and passed to the frontend. As part of threat modelling, NDI is requesting for the nonce parameter so as to mitigate MITM replay attacks against the ASP Service’s Token Endpoint and its resulting ID Token. This parameter serves the same purpose as [OIDC 1.0’s nonce parameterarrow-up-right](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#AuthRequest).

Maximum of 255 characters. We recommend that you use a hex-encoded random number such as `java.security.SecureRandom` or `UUIDv4`.

`state`

A session-based, unique, and non-guessable value that the RP should generate per auth session. This parameter should ideally be generated and set by the RP’s backend and passed to the frontend. As part of threat modelling, NDI is requesting for the state parameter so as to mitigate replay attacks against the RP’s redirection endpoint (`redirectUri`). This parameter serves the same purpose as [OAuth 2.0’s `state` parameterarrow-up-right](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-4.1.1).

Maximum of 255 characters. Must match `regexp` pattern of `[A-Za-z0-9/+_-=.]+,`.

`code_challenge`

The hash of a code verifier generated using the hash method specified in `code``_challenge_method_`_. This is to enable Proof Key for Code Exchange (PKCE). This is an extension to the authorization code flow to prevent CSRF and authorization code injection attacks. Refer_ [_here_arrow-up-right](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7636) _for more details about PKCE._

_Must match_ `_regexp_` _pattern of_ `_[a-zA-Z0-9_``-]{43} (Mandatory)`.

`code_challenge_method`

The method used to generate the `code_challenge` from the code verifier.

Only `S256` is supported. (Mandatory)

`redirect_uri_https_type`

(Required if the `redirect_uri` uses is an [app-claimed HTTPS URLarrow-up-right](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8252#section-7.2)) Supported values are `app_claimed_https` and `standard_https` (default). This value is ignored if the `redirect_uri` has a custom scheme.

`app_launch_url`

(Optional) Intended for iOS mobile apps which use QR authentication via redirect auth. This adds the possibility for the user to be redirected back to the provided App Link after they successfully authorize themselves on the Singpass App. The value passed here should be the App Link registered with Apple’s App Store. The provided value will be validated according to the list of app launch URLs which the RP has pre-registered with NDI.

`esrvc`

(Special case internal use only) eService ID value for multi-tenant RPs / Singpass OIDC bridge. The value will be validated against registered eServices or registered RP’s `client_external_id`.

`acr_values`

(Special case internal use only) Authentication Context Class Reference passed by the Singpass Portal kickoff endpoint. Will be forwarded to Singpass OIDC authorization endpoint if provided.

Refer to this table to determine whether to include the `app_launch_url` param:

Authenticating From

app\_launch\_url Param

Relying Party website

Do not include

Relying Party website on a mobile browser

Do not include

Relying Party mobile app

Can include

## 

[hashtag](#error-response)

Error Response

Singpass generally follows OIDC error response specifications. For more information, please refer to [Authorization Error Response specificationsarrow-up-right](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-4.1.2.1).

[PreviousOverview of Singpass Flowchevron-left](/docs/technical-specifications/singpass-authentication-api/overview-of-singpass-flow)[NextRedirection on successchevron-right](/docs/technical-specifications/singpass-authentication-api/1.-authorization-endpoint/redirection-on-success)

Last updated 24 days ago

Was this helpful?